= OpenSRS

Provides basic support to connect to, and utilise the OpenSRS API. This library has been well-tested in a high performance production
environment. More information on the API can be located here:

http://opensrs.com/resources/documentation/opensrs_xmlapi.pdf

== Installation

You can install this gem by doing the following:

    $ gem install opensrs
    
You can then include it in a Ruby project, like so:

    require 'opensrs'
    
Alternatively, you can include it in a Rails project in the <tt>environment.rb</tt> file, like so:

    config.gem "opensrs"

== Usage

This library provides basic functionality for interacting with the OpenSRS XML API.

* Connection handling
* Error reporting
* XML encoding
* XML decoding

To connect, instantiate a new OpenSRS::Server object:

    server = OpenSRS::Server.new(
      :server => "https://rr-n1-tor.opensrs.net:55443/",
      :username => "testing",
      :password => "53cr3t",
      :key => "c633be3170c7fb3fb29e2f99b84be24107b37e206663967f8cdfarandomc17d411fc28b3dbff47d03c51c61279bd6f3c545a3210777ab93b44e6aef5e23d82"
    )
    
Once you have this, you can build from this to create the methods that you need. For instance, let's say we want to grab our balance. The
OpenSRS XML API takes a couple of attributes for all commands. You can include those here:

    def get_balance
      server.call(
        :action => "GET_BALANCE",
        :object => "BALANCE"
      )
    end
    
Sometimes you might need to include attributes for the command, such as a cookie, or the data attributes themselves. You can do this, too:

    def create_nameserver(nameserver)
      server.call(
        :action => "CREATE",
        :object => "NAMESERVER",
        :cookie => "366828736:3210384",
        :attributes => {
          :name => nameserver.hostname,
          :ipaddress => "212.112.123.11"
        }
      )
    end
    
Responses from OpenSRS are returned in an OpenSRS::Response object, which gives you access to a multitude of things.

* <tt>response.response</tt> - This gives you the response in a Hash form, which is highly accessible to most other actions in your application.
* <tt>response.errors</tt> - If there are errors which come back from OpenSRS, they are returned here. If not, it returns nil.
* <tt>response.success?</tt> - Returns true if the response was labeled as successful. If not, it returns false.
* <tt>response.request_xml</tt> - Returns raw request XML.
* <tt>response.response_xml</tt> - Returns raw response XML.

== Bugs/Feature Requests

If you have any bugs or feature requests for this gem, feel free to add them in the Issues portion of the GitHub repository here:

http://github.com/voxxit/opensrs/issues

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull.
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Josh Delsman. See LICENSE for details.